## Objetivo
How well can you perfom basic binary operations?Start searching for the flag here

## Datos de acceso al nivel
## Solucion
──(kali㉿kali)-[~]
└─$ nc titan.picoctf.net 51290

Welcome to the Binary Challenge!"
Your task is to perform the unique operations in the given order and find the final result in hexadecimal that yields the flag.

Binary Number 1: 00000110
Binary Number 2: 10111000


Question 1/6:
Operation 1: '>>'
Perform a right shift of Binary Number 2 by 1 bits .
Enter the binary result: 01011100
Correct!

Question 2/6:
Operation 2: '|'
Perform the operation on Binary Number 1&2.
Enter the binary result: 10111110
Correct!

Question 3/6:
Operation 3: '&'
Perform the operation on Binary Number 1&2.
Enter the binary result: 00000000
Correct!

Question 4/6:
Operation 4: '*'
Perform the operation on Binary Number 1&2.
Enter the binary result: 10001010000
Correct!

Question 5/6:
Operation 5: '<<'
Perform a left shift of Binary Number 1 by 1 bits.
Enter the binary result: 00001100
Correct!

Question 6/6:
Operation 6: '+'
Perform the operation on Binary Number 1&2.
Enter the binary result: Operation 6: '+'
Perform the operation on Binary Number 1&2.

Incorrect input. Provide the right input
Enter the binary result: 
Incorrect input. Provide the right input
Enter the binary result: 10111110
Correct!

Enter the results of the last operation in hexadecimal: 190
Incorrect answer!

Enter the results of the last operation in hexadecimal: BE

Correct answer!
The flag is: picoCTF{b1tw^3se_0p3eR@tI0n_su33essFuL_675602ae}


## Notas adicionales

## Referencias